Pedro and the 504 Barbarian of Shaw is from Shawn
Beautiful speech is barbaric to her.
also the boyfriend's bike and let's
see the descent and this looks at the information
the diary fornari the guy knows everything
the female decision one roni roni
Let's see the girls that
bike complicates this stretch is very
heavy but they have strength are
prepared and strong for this
big decision of downhill descent
radical that the two in front of Julia
alves like jolie said it was there passed by
side of the stone road of may né
jonny there may he's inside the grill
is a track really is a line but
only one will get through
júlia alves after the bruna ulrich vamos
see how they come on Monday
July stone open a good advantage as well
similar to 600 meters of tape 92 meters of
height equivalent to a building of 30
Júlia alves comes, she does not want to
know left everyone behind
boe in there now came to curve will
pass by in front of the triple jump
I love you
after the double jump the big curve boot
Down the river is studying down river.
mountain the mountain down the vein
júlia alves very well 502 is the number
it without any difficulty then
I'll give you number 501 funk is bruna
ulrich kuhn live with the arrival of Julius
alves everything from tip to tip is great
Congratulations congratulations to help alves
celebrates can vibrate enough john
fornari
really you said she was the name
this is it really was she is the first
bruno second there from the start is a
bicicross athlete so she has a lot of
advantage a good tuning with the
gate then she made a descent from the
start to the end first and
kiss led even congratulations to her
I looked at the area and sang the stone and now
natalie gedra already the champion
the duck here on her side is breathing
is Julia who is only 18 and the second
Since she has such proof is is the
specialist in roque already at home who
This was a test. It 's so different.
of the sport will reflect the musical bunk
Thank God, I got it again.
two-time champion on the track much better than the year
past failed to develop further
bicycle liability